# Darcy Terms of use

### Privacy Policy

Edgeworx, Inc \(“Edgeworx” or “we”\) values your trust and confidence and is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices of  Edgeworx and applies to data collected by Edgeworx through Edgeworx’s proprietary software and information and any other such service provided by Edgeworx \(collectively the “Service”\). Below you can find detailed information on the \(i\) types of information we collect; \(ii\) how we use the information collected; \(iii\) the sharing and disclosure of your information; \(iv\) your rights to your information; and \(v\) how we protect your information. Specifically, the information below explains how we handle the personal information that can be used to contact or identify a natural person \(“Personal Information”\), gathered by the Service. It also provides information about your rights to manage your Personal Information.Please read all information as provided below. Edgeworx welcomes any questions or comments you may have regarding our privacy policy. Any such questions or comments, or if more information regarding any item not listed below is needed, should be submitted via email to [support@edgeworx.io](https://edgeworx.io/privacy#).

#### Privacy Terms for Visitors

* **Types of Information We Collect** Edgeworx may receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our App, Site or Service. Generally, our Service may automatically collect usage information, such as the numbers and frequency of visitors to our Site and its components.  Edgeworx may additionally automatically collect information about your visit to the Site, such as how you navigate within the Site, pages viewed and links clicked; device information such as IP address, location and provider and, if you are on a mobile device. We do not collect UUID of mobile devices, nor would we ever do so 
* **How We Use the Information Collected** We process personal data about you where you have consented or for Edgeworx’s legitimate interests of improving service experience and developing new products and service features.  When you have consented, we use contact information to respond to your inquiries, send you information about our Service, and send you marketing information \(as long as you have agreed to this when you provided your contact information and for so long as you don’t opt out\).  We use information about how you use the Service to improve our services for you and all users. This may include performing analysis aimed at improving the Service and making the Site or the Service more user friendly by reducing the need for you to repeatedly enter the same information. We use device data and log data to troubleshoot, to create new services, features and content, to track behavior at the aggregate level to identify and understand trends and to fix bugs and troubleshoot functionality. We also infer your geographic location based on your IP address. We generally only use this data in aggregate form, that is, as a statistical measure, and not in a manner that would identify you personally.  We may also use your Personal Information to the extent necessary to enforce agreements or in response to a subpoena or other legal request.  In all cases, we have undertaken to ensure that we place clear limitations on each use of your Personal Information so that your privacy is respected and only the information necessary to achieve these legitimate interests is used. 
* **The Sharing and Disclosure of your Personal Information** Edgeworx may provide aggregate information to our partners about how our users, collectively, use our site. If you do not wish to have your individual usage information collected, please email  upport@edgeworx.io.  We do not rent, lease, disclose, or sell your Personal Information to anyone. Except as described in this Privacy Policy, your Personal Information will be used only by Edgeworx  and its controlled subsidiaries and affiliates, and your Personal Information will not be disclosed to any other third party without your consent. 
* **Your Rights to Your Personal Information ‍**For information on how to opt out of marketing communications and other rights you may have, please see the section on “Your Rights” below.  ‍**“Do Not Track” Signals ‍**Some browsers transmit Do Not Track \(DNT\) signals to websites. Due to the lack of a common interpretation of DNT signals, we do not currently alter, change, or respond to DNT requests or signals from these browsers.  ‍**Cross-Border Data Transfers ‍**Edgeworx is located in the United States and accordingly data, including Respondent data, will be transferred to the United States.  ‍**How we Secure Personal Information ‍**Edgeworx uses physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards to assist us in preventing unauthorized access, maintaining data accuracy, and correctly using Personal Information. Except as specified in this Privacy Policy, we use commercially reasonable efforts to limit access to your Personal Information to the employees, agents and officers of Edgeworx who need the information for their jobs.The Personal Information Edgeworx collects is securely stored within our database, and we use standard, industry-wide practices such as firewalls, encryption, and Secure Socket Layers \(“SSL”\) for protecting your information. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. However, as effective as encryption technology is, no security system is impenetrable.  Edgeworx cannot guarantee the security of our database, nor can we guarantee that information you supply won’t be intercepted while being transmitted to Edgeworx over the Internet. We recommend that you do not disclose your password to anyone.  ‍**How long we keep your personal information ‍**For Survey Creators, we retain your personal data while your account is in existence or as needed to provide you the Service. This includes data you or others provided to us and data generated or inferred from your use of the Service. Even if you use the Service for a new survey every year, we will retain your information and keep your profile open until you decide to close your account. We do reserve the right to delete inactive accounts after 1 year. In some cases we may choose to retain certain information in a depersonalized or aggregated form.  ‍**Safety of Minors ‍**Our services are not intended for and may not be used by minors. Edgeworx does not knowingly collect any personal information from minors. During the registration process for an Edgeworx account, if users identify themselves as under 13 years of age,  Edgeworx will block such users from providing personal information.If it comes to our attention that we have collected personal data from a minor, we may delete this information without notice. If you have reason to believe this has occurred please contact us at support@edgeworx.io.   

**Sole Statement of Privacy  
‍**This document contains and is the sole statement of Edgeworx’s Privacy Policy. No summary, restatement or other version thereof, or other privacy policy or statement, in any form, is valid.  
‍  
‍**Modifications of this Privacy Policy  
‍**EDGEWORX MAY MODIFY THIS PRIVACY POLICY AT ANY TIME, IN EDGEWORX’S SOLE DISCRETION, AND SUCH MODIFICATION SHALL BE EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY UPON EITHER POSTING OF THE MODIFIED PRIVACY POLICY ON THE WEBSITE OR NOTIFYING YOU. YOU AGREE TO REVIEW THIS PRIVACY POLICY PERIODICALLY TO ENSURE THAT YOU ARE AWARE OF ANY MODIFICATIONS. YOUR CONTINUED ACCESS OR USE OF THE WEBSITE AND/OR THE SOFTWARE SHALL BE DEEMED YOUR CONCLUSIVE ACCEPTANCE OF THE MODIFIED PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT CANCEL YOUR SUBSCRIPTION AND CONTINUE TO USE OUR SERVICES, YOU WILL BE CONSIDERED AS HAVING EXPRESSLY CONSENTED TO THE MODIFICATIONS IN OUR PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DISAGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR ANY UPDATED PRIVACY POLICY, YOU MAY CLOSE YOUR  EDGEWORX  ACCOUNT AT ANY TIME. Last Updated: August 2020

